---
page_title: "pexip_infinity_management_vm Resource - terraform-provider-pexip"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Pexip Infinity Management VM configuration.
---

# pexip_infinity_management_vm (Resource)

Manages the management node configuration. The management node provides centralized management of Infinity.

-> **NOTE** This resource is a singleton.

## Example Usage

### Basic Management VM

```terraform
resource "pexip_infinity_management_vm" "example" {
  name        = "Example mgr"
  dns_servers = [pexip_infinity_dns_server.example.id]
  ntp_servers = [pexip_infinity_ntp_server.example.id]
}

resource "pexip_infinity_dns_server" "example" {
  address = "8.8.8.8"
}

resource "pexip_infinity_ntp_server" "example" {
  address = "pool.ntp.org"
}
```

### Using an action to remove the default TLS certificate

```terraform
resource "pexip_infinity_management_vm" "example" {
  name = "Example mgr"

  lifecycle {
    action_trigger {
      events = [after_create]
      actions = [
        action.pexip_delete_default_mgr_tls_certificate.remove_default,
      ]
    }
  }
}

action "pexip_delete_default_mgr_tls_certificate" "remove_default" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name used to refer to this Management Node. Maximum length: 32 characters.

### Optional

- `alternative_fqdn` (String) An identity for this Management Node, used by the web interface when indicating its own identity. If configured, the name must match an identity in the Management Node's TLS certificate. Maximum length: 255 characters.
- `description` (String) A description of the Management Node. Maximum length: 250 characters.
- `dns_servers` (Set of String) The DNS servers to be used by this Management Node.
- `enable_ssh` (String) Allows an administrator to log in to this node over SSH. Valid choices: GLOBAL, OFF, ON.
- `event_sinks` (Set of String) The event sinks to be used by this Management Node.
- `http_proxy` (String) The web proxy to be used for outbound web requests from this Management Node.
- `ipv6_address` (String) The IPv6 address for this Management Node.
- `ipv6_gateway` (String) The IPv6 address of the default gateway. If unspecified, the gateway will be configured from IPv6 router advertisements.
- `mtu` (Number) Maximum Transmission Unit - the size of the largest packet that can be transmitted via the network interface for this system location. It depends on your network topology as to whether you may need to specify an MTU value here. Range: 512 to 1500.
- `ntp_servers` (Set of String) The NTP servers to be used by this Management Node.
- `secondary_config_passphrase` (String, Sensitive) The passphrase to be used to encrypt the configuration for the new Management Node.
- `snmp_authentication_password` (String, Sensitive) The password used for SNMPv3 authentication. Minimum length: 8 characters. Maximum length: 100 characters.
- `snmp_community` (String, Sensitive) The SNMP group to which this virtual machine belongs. Maximum length: 16 characters.
- `snmp_mode` (String) The SNMP mode. Valid choices: DISABLED, STANDARD, AUTHPRIV.
- `snmp_network_management_system` (String) The Network Management System to which SNMP traps for the Management Node will be sent.
- `snmp_privacy_password` (String, Sensitive) The password used for SNMPv3 privacy. Minimum length: 8 characters. Maximum length: 100 characters.
- `snmp_system_contact` (String) The SNMP contact for this Management Node. Maximum length: 70 characters.
- `snmp_system_location` (String) The SNMP location for this Management Node. Maximum length: 70 characters.
- `snmp_username` (String) The username used to authenticate SNMPv3 requests. Maximum length: 100 characters.
- `ssh_authorized_keys` (Set of String) The selected authorized keys
- `ssh_authorized_keys_use_cloud` (Boolean) Allows use of SSH keys configured in the cloud service.
- `static_nat_address` (String) The IPv4 static NAT address for this Management Node.
- `static_routes` (Set of String) Additional configuration to permit routing of traffic to networks not accessible through the configured default gateway.
- `syslog_servers` (Set of String) The Syslog servers to be used by this Management Node.
- `tls_certificate` (String) The TLS certificate to use on this node.

### Read-Only

- `address` (String) The IPv4 address for this Management Node.
- `domain` (String) The domain name for this Management Node. Maximum length: 192 characters.
- `gateway` (String) The IPv4 address of the default gateway.
- `hostname` (String) The hostname for this Management Node. Maximum length: 63 characters.
- `id` (String) Resource URI for the management VM.
- `initializing` (Boolean) This Management Node is initializing the configuration file.
- `netmask` (String) The IPv4 network mask for this Management Node.
- `primary` (Boolean) The IPv4 address for this Management Node.
- `resource_id` (Number) The resource integer identifier for the management VM


## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import pexip_infinity_management_vm.example 1
```

Where `1` is the numeric resource ID of the management VM.

## Usage Notes 
~> It is not possible to update the network configuration, hostname or domain via the provider. To make changes to these properties, the management node must be redeployed.