---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pexip_infinity_mjx_exchange_deployment Resource - terraform-provider-pexip"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages an MJX Exchange deployment in Infinity. An MJX Exchange deployment provides integration with Microsoft Exchange, enabling OTJ (One-Touch Join) functionality for Exchange calendar-based meeting management.
---

# pexip_infinity_mjx_exchange_deployment (Resource)

Manages an MJX Exchange deployment. An MJX Exchange deployment provides integration with Microsoft Exchange, enabling OTJ (One-Touch Join) functionality for Exchange calendar-based meeting management.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pexip_infinity_mjx_exchange_deployment" "example" {
  name                     = "Corporate Exchange Integration"
  service_account_username = "pexip-service@company.com"
  service_account_password = var.exchange_password
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of this One-Touch Join Exchange Integration. Maximum length: 250 characters.
- `service_account_password` (String, Sensitive) The password of the service account to be used by the One-Touch Join Exchange Integration. Maximum length: 100 characters.
- `service_account_username` (String) The username of the service account to be used by the One-Touch Join Exchange Integration. Maximum length: 100 characters.

### Optional

- `authentication_method` (String) The method used to authenticate to Exchange. Valid values: `BASIC`, `NTLM`, `KERBEROS`, `OAUTH`. Default: `BASIC`.
- `description` (String) An optional description of this One-Touch Join Exchange Integration. Maximum length: 250 characters.
- `disable_proxy` (Boolean) Bypass the web proxy (where configured for the system location) for outbound requests sent from this integration.
- `ews_url` (String) The URL used to connect to Exchange Web Services (EWS) on the Exchange server. Maximum length: 255 characters.
- `find_items_request_quota` (Number) The number of Find Item requests that can be made by OTJ to your Exchange Server in a 24-hour period. Minimum: 10000. Maximum: 10000000. Default: 1000000.
- `kerberos_auth_every_request` (Boolean) When Kerberos authentication is enabled, send a Kerberos Authorization header in every request to the Exchange server.
- `kerberos_enable_tls` (Boolean) If enabled, all communication to the KDC will go through an HTTPS proxy and all traffic to the KDC will be encrypted using TLS.
- `kerberos_exchange_spn` (String) The Exchange Service Principal Name (SPN). Maximum length: 255 characters.
- `kerberos_kdc` (String) The address of the Kerberos key distribution center (KDC). Maximum length: 255 characters.
- `kerberos_kdc_https_proxy` (String) The URL of the Kerberos key distribution center (KDC) HTTPS proxy. Maximum length: 255 characters.
- `kerberos_realm` (String) The Kerberos Realm, which is usually your domain in upper-case. Maximum length: 250 characters.
- `kerberos_verify_tls_using_custom_ca` (Boolean) If enabled, use the configured Root Trust CA Certificates to verify the KDC HTTPS proxy SSL certificate. If disabled, the HTTPS proxy SSL certificate is verified using the system-wide default set of trusted certificates.
- `oauth_auth_endpoint` (String) The URI of the OAuth authorization endpoint. This should be copied from the 'Endpoints' section in Azure Active Directory App Registrations. Maximum length: 255 characters.
- `oauth_client_id` (String) The Application ID which was generated when creating an App Registration in Azure Active Directory.
- `oauth_redirect_uri` (String) The redirect URI you entered when creating an App Registration in Azure Active Directory. It should be in the format 'https://[Management Node Address]/admin/platform/mjxexchangedeployment/oauth_redirect/'. Maximum length: 255 characters.
- `oauth_state` (String) A unique state which is used during the OAuth sign-in flow.
- `oauth_token_endpoint` (String) The URI of the OAuth token endpoint. This should be copied from the 'Endpoints' section in Azure Active Directory App Registrations. Maximum length: 255 characters.

### Read-Only

- `autodiscover_urls` (Set of String) The Autodiscover URLs associated with this One-Touch Join Exchange Integration.
- `id` (String) Resource URI for the MJX Exchange deployment.
- `mjx_integrations` (Set of String) The One-Touch Join Profiles associated with this OTJ Exchange Integration.
- `oauth_refresh_token` (String, Sensitive) The OAuth refresh token which is obtained after successfully signing in via the OAuth flow.
- `resource_id` (Number) The resource integer identifier for the MJX Exchange deployment.


