---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pexip_infinity_mjx_google_deployment Resource - terraform-provider-pexip"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages an MJX Google deployment in Infinity. An MJX Google deployment provides integration with Google Workspace, enabling OTJ (One-Touch Join) functionality for Google Calendar-based meeting management.
---

# pexip_infinity_mjx_google_deployment (Resource)

Manages an MJX Google deployment in Infinity. An MJX Google deployment provides integration with Google Workspace, enabling OTJ (One-Touch Join) functionality for Google Calendar-based meeting management.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pexip_infinity_mjx_google_deployment" "example" {
  name         = "Corporate Google Workspace Integration"
  client_email = "pexip-service@project.iam.gserviceaccount.com"
  private_key  = var.google_private_key
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `client_email` (String) The email address of the service account (or authorization user account) used by this OTJ Google Workspace Integration when logging in to Google Workspace to read room calendars. Maximum length: 256 characters.
- `name` (String) The name of the OTJ Google Workspace Integration. Maximum length: 250 characters.
- `private_key` (String, Sensitive) The private key used by OTJ to authenticate the service account when logging in to Google Workspace to read the room calendars. Maximum length: 12288 characters.

### Optional

- `auth_endpoint` (String) The URI of the Google OAuth 2.0 endpoint. Maximum length: 255 characters.
- `client_id` (String) The client ID of the application you created in the Google API Console, for use by OTJ. Maximum length: 250 characters.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The client secret for the application you created in the Google API Console, for use by OTJ.
- `description` (String) A description of this OTJ Google Workspace Integration. Maximum length: 250 characters.
- `maximum_number_of_api_requests` (Number) The maximum number of API requests that can be made by OTJ to your Google Workspace Domain in a 24-hour period. Minimum: 10000. Default: 900000.
- `oauth_state` (String) A unique state which is used during the OAuth sign-in flow.
- `redirect_uri` (String) The redirect URI you configured in the Google API Console Credentials. It must be in the format 'https://[Management Node Address]/admin/platform/mjxgoogledeployment/oauth_redirect/'. Maximum length: 255 characters.
- `token_endpoint` (String) The URI of the Google authorization server. Maximum length: 255 characters.
- `use_user_consent` (Boolean) Leave this option disabled to use the recommended method of a service account to access room calendars. Enable this option to use an authorization user, authenticated via OAuth, to access room calendars.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Resource URI for the MJX Google deployment in Infinity.
- `mjx_integrations` (Set of String) The OTJ Google Workspace Integration associated with this One-Touch Join Profile.
- `refresh_token` (String, Sensitive) The OAuth refresh token which is obtained after successfully finishing the authorization for accessing Google API flow.
- `resource_id` (Number) The resource integer identifier for the MJX Google deployment in Infinity.


