---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pexip_infinity_mjx_graph_deployment Resource - terraform-provider-pexip"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages an MJX Graph deployment in Infinity. An MJX Graph deployment provides integration with the Microsoft Graph API, enabling OTJ (One-Touch Join) functionality for Microsoft 365 calendar-based meeting management.
---

# pexip_infinity_mjx_graph_deployment (Resource)

Manages an MJX Graph deployment in Infinity. An MJX Graph deployment provides integration with the Microsoft Graph API, enabling OTJ (One-Touch Join) functionality for Microsoft 365 calendar-based meeting management.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pexip_infinity_mjx_graph_deployment" "example" {
  name            = "Corporate O365 Graph Integration"
  client_id       = "12345678-1234-1234-1234-123456789012"
  oauth_token_url = "https://login.microsoftonline.com/tenant-id/oauth2/v2.0/token"
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `client_id` (String) The Application (client) ID which was generated when creating an App Registration in Azure Active Directory.
- `name` (String) The name of the OTJ O365 Graph Integration. Maximum length: 250 characters.
- `oauth_token_url` (String) The URI of the OAuth 2.0 (v2) token endpoint. This should be copied from the 'Endpoints' section in Azure Active Directory App Registrations. Maximum length: 255 characters.

### Optional

- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The client secret of the application you created in the Azure Portal, for use by OTJ. Maximum length: 100 characters.
- `description` (String) A description of this OTJ O365 Graph Integration. Maximum length: 250 characters.
- `disable_proxy` (Boolean) Bypass the web proxy (where configured for the system location) for outbound requests sent from this integration.
- `graph_api_domain` (String) The FQDN to use when connecting to the Graph API. Maximum length: 192 characters.
- `request_quota` (Number) The maximum number of API requests that can be made by OTJ to the Microsoft Graph API in a 24-hour period. Minimum: 10000. Maximum: 10000000. Default: 1000000.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Resource URI for the MJX Graph deployment.
- `mjx_integrations` (Set of String) The One-Touch Join Profiles associated with this OTJ O365 Graph Integration.
- `resource_id` (Number) The resource integer identifier for the MJX Graph deployment.


