---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pexip_infinity_certificate_signing_request Resource - terraform-provider-pexip"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a certificate signing request configuration with the Infinity service.
---

# pexip_infinity_certificate_signing_request (Resource)

Manages a certificate signing request configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pexip_infinity_certificate_signing_request" "example" {
  subject_name     = "pexip.example.com"
  private_key_type = "RSA2048"
  ad_compatible    = false
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `ad_compatible` (Boolean) Whether the certificate should be Active Directory compatible.
- `private_key_type` (String) The type of the private key to create (RSA2048, RSA4096, ECDSAP256) or UPLOAD to indicate a user-provided key.
- `subject_name` (String) The subject name for the certificate. Maximum length: 250 characters.

### Optional

- `additional_subject_alt_names` (String) Additional subject alternative names for the certificate. Maximum length: 500 characters.
- `certificate` (String) The signed certificate content (PEM format).
- `dn` (String) The distinguished name for the certificate. Maximum length: 500 characters.
- `private_key` (String, Sensitive) The private key content (PEM format). Required when private_key_type is UPLOAD, otherwise will be generated by the API.
- `private_key_passphrase` (String, Sensitive) The passphrase for the private key. Maximum length: 250 characters.
- `tls_certificate` (String) Reference to the TLS certificate resource URI.

### Read-Only

- `csr` (String) The generated certificate signing request (PEM format).
- `id` (String) Resource URI for the certificate signing request
- `resource_id` (Number) The resource integer identifier for the certificate signing request


